All across America people chose to get involved, get engaged and stand up. Each of us can make a difference, and al… 
Ten-year-old Jahkil Jackson is on a mission to help homeless people in Chicago. He created kits full of socks, toil… 
Chris Long gave his paychecks from the first six games of the NFL season to fund scholarships in Charlottesville, V… 
Kat Creech, a wedding planner in Houston, turned a postponed wedding into a volunteer opportunity for Hurricane Har… 
As we count down to the new year, we get to reflect and prepare for what’s ahead. For all the bad news that seemed… 
Watch our new PSA with @BarackObama, @StephenCurry30 &amp; @chancetherapper, then take action to s…
On behalf of the Obama family, Merry Christmas! We wish you joy and peace this holiday season. 
There's no better time than the holiday season to reach out and give back to our communities. Great to hear from yo… 
Happy Hanukkah, everybody, from the Obama family to yours. Chag Sameach!
Just got off a call to thank folks who are working hard to help more Americans across the country sign up for healt… 
Michelle and I are delighted to congratulate Prince Harry and Meghan Markle on their engagement. We wish you a life… 
From the Obama family to yours, we wish you a Happy Thanksgiving full of joy and gratitude. 
ME:  Joe, about halfway through the speech, I’m gonna wish you a happy birth--
BIDEN:  IT’S MY BIRTHDAY!
ME:  Joe.… 
This is what happens when the people vote. Congrats @RalphNortham and @PhilMurphyNJ . And congratulations to all th… 
Every election matters - those who show up determine our future. Go vote tomorrow! 
May God also grant all of us the wisdom to ask what concrete steps we can take to reduce the violence and weaponry in our midst.
We grieve with all the families in Sutherland Springs harmed by this act of hatred, and we’ll stand with the survivors as they recover...
Starting today, you can sign up for 2018 health coverage. Head on over to 
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims of today's attack in NYC and everyone who keeps us safe. New Yorkers are as tough as they come.
Hello, #ObamaSummit! Thrilled to host civic leaders in Chicago from all over the world. Follow along at @ObamaFoundation.
I’ll let you and @ladygaga handle the singing, and we’ll handle the donations. There’s still time to give:… 
Tonight the ex-Presidents are getting together in Texas to support all our fellow Americans rebuilding from this ye… 
I'm grateful to @SenJohnMcCain for his lifetime of service to our country. Congratulations, John, on receiving this year's Liberty Medal.
Michelle &amp; I are praying for the victims in Las Vegas. Our thoughts are with their families &amp; everyone enduring another senseless tragedy.
Proud to cheer on Team USA at the Invictus Games today with my friend Joe. You represent the best of our country. 
We're expanding our efforts to help Puerto Rico &amp; the USVI, where our fellow Americans need us right now. Join us a… 
Prosecutor, soldier, family man, citizen. Beau made us want to be better. What a legacy to leave. What a testament… 
Thinking about our neighbors in Mexico and all our Mexican-American friends tonight. Cuidense mucho y un fuerte abrazo para todos.
Coding is important – and fun. @CSforAll, thanks for your work to make sure every kid can compete in a high-tech, g… 
Michelle and I want the @ObamaFoundation to inspire and empower people to change the world. Here's how we're gettin… 
We remember everyone we lost on 9/11 and honor all who defend our country and our ideals. No act of terror will ever change who we are.
Proud of these McKinley Tech students—inspiring young minds that make me hopeful about our future. 
Americans always answer the call. 
To target hopeful young strivers who grew up here is wrong, because they’ve done nothing wrong. My statement: 
Thank you to all the first responders and people helping each other out. That's what we do as Americans. Here's one… 
Michelle and I are thinking of the victims and their families in Barcelona. Americans will always stand with our Spanish friends. Un abrazo.
"...For love comes more naturally to the human heart than its opposite." - Nelson Mandela
"People must learn to hate, and if they can learn to hate, they can be taught to love..."
"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
John McCain is an American hero &amp; one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.
Health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country. 
Of all that I've done in my life, I'm most proud to be Sasha and Malia's dad. To all those lucky enough to be a dad… 
On this National Gun Violence Awareness Day, let your voice be heard and show your commitment to reducing gun viole… 
Forever grateful for the service and sacrifice of all who fought to protect our freedoms and defend this country we… 
Good to see my friend Prince Harry in London to discuss the work of our foundations &amp; offer condolences to victims… 
Through faith, love, and resolve the character of the people of Manchester has shown itself.  Our thoughts &amp; prayer… 
Our hearts go out to those killed and wounded in Manchester. Americans will always stand shoulder to shoulder with the people of the UK.
Excited to hear from Sierra, Imani, Filiz, and Benedikt who are making a difference at home and abroad. See you in… 
Happy Mother's Day to my love and partner on this journey @MichelleObama, and to all the wonderful, hardworking mothers out there.
We're rolling up our sleeves again, back where it all started. Join us at 
Well said, Jimmy. That's exactly why we fought so hard for the ACA, and why we need to protect it for kids like Bil… 
My heart goes out to the victims and their families in London. No act of terror can shake the strength and resilience of our British ally.
Chuck Berry rolled over everyone who came before him – and turned up everyone who came after.  We'll miss you, Chuck.  Be good.
On International Women’s Day, @MichelleObama and I are inspired by all of you who embrace your power to drive chang… 
Humbled to be recognized by a family with a legacy of service. Who's your #ProfileInCourage? Tell me about them:… 
We asked. You answered. 
Happy Valentine’s Day, @michelleobama! Almost 28 years with you, but it always feels new. 
I read letters like these every single day. It was one of the best parts of the job – hearing from you. 
In the meantime, I want to hear what you're thinking about the road ahead. So share your ideas with me here: 
Hi everybody! Back to the original handle. Is this thing still on? Michelle and I are off on a quick vacation, then we’ll get back to work.
Tonight, President Obama reflects on eight years of progress. Watch the #FarewellAddress at 9 pm ET: 
Watch the weekly address: 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses what #Obamacare has done to improve health care. 
Let's keep working to keep our economy on a better, stronger course. 
The landmark #ParisAgreement enters into force today—we must keep up the momentum to #ActOnClimate. 
The economy added 161,000 jobs in October, and wages are up 2.8 percent over the past year. 
There are a lot of plans out there. Check your options and lock in the one that's best for you: 
The positive impact of #Obamacare is undeniable, but there's one big factor holding many states back: 
Tens of millions of Americans have benefited from #Obamacare. Make sure you're one of them. #GetCovered 
Thanks to #Obamacare, quality health care is available to everyone. The marketplace is now open—make sure you and y… 
Community organizing never goes out of style. Shop now: 
With #Obamacare, people can focus on treatment for pre-existing conditions without the fear of coverage being cappe… 
The Obamacare marketplace is now open. If you're uninsured, now is the time to shop for a plan and #GetCovered.… 
Lions and Tiggers and bears! Oh my! #HappyHalloween 
Usted y su familia merecen la tranquilidad de saber que están cubiertos. El mercado de seguros abre mañana. 
Speak up in support of quality, affordable health care for all. 
There's nothing to be scared of when searching for health insurance. Three in four people can #GetCovered for less… 
Open enrollment begins tomorrow—make sure you and your loved ones #GetCovered. 
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court nomination process is unacceptable. Say so: 
Senate leaders should put the common good above politics—the integrity of our nation's highest court depends on it.… 
Don't ghost on your health and well-being—your chance to #GetCovered is coming up. Open enrollment starts November… 
Climate change is happening now. Denial is dangerous. 
If you're willing to work hard and play by the rules, you should be able to get ahead. 
President Obama lays out just a few of the ways in which #Obamacare has helped millions of Americans. 
New report: Renewable energy installations are beating fossil fuel installations for the first time. 
Obamacare has helped millions of Americans gain the peace of mind that comes with coverage. Show your support: 
This is what happens when we focus on building an economy that works for everyone, not just those at the top. 
No one's too wrapped up in pre-existing conditions to #GetCovered. 
Thanks to Obamacare, you can find a plan that m… 
Help protect the progress we've made in helping millions of Americans get covered. Add your name now: 
DYK: Most people can find a plan for less than $75 per month. Open enrollment starts on November 1. #GetCovered 
Women, the sick, survivors—they all deserve fair treatment in our health care system. #Obamacare 
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today: 
Be proud of the progress we've made together—wear the mark of this movement. 
Strong policies that help working families get ahead are good for our economy. 
The four-week average of jobless claims fell to the lowest level since 1973—a sign of a healthy labor market. 
Since 2010, America's uninsured rate has been cut in half. Help build on that progress—join Team #Obamacare today: 
It's saving lives.
And we're not going back.
Retweet to show your support. 
Health care is a right, not a privilege—and #Obamacare works to protect that right for millions of Americans. 
Don't get tripped up by misinformation. Join the @OFA Truth Team today: 
Being able to stay on a parent's plan enables millions of young adults to make choices about their future with the… 
"Because of Obamacare, another 20 million Americans now know the financial security of health insurance." 
Stand up for the law that's helped 20 million more Americans gain health coverage. Join Team @Obamacare today: 
There's still more work to do, but let's celebrate how far we've come. 
LIVE: President Obama is in Miami talking about the progress made possible by the Affordable Care Act. 
Tune in at 1:55 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak about the successes of the Affordable Care Act. 
There's a lot of misinformation floating around. Make sure you've got the facts—join the @OFA Truth Team:… 
From coast to coast, editorial boards are denouncing Senate obstructionism. Take a look: 
Our Supreme Court has been short a justice for far too long. #DoYourJob, Senate leaders. 
The need for a ninth justice is undeniably clear. #DoYourJob 
We can't afford to let this be the new normal. 
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now: 
Climate change is real, but so is the progress we're making to #ActOnClimate. Let's keep it up. 
This is just the latest step forward in the push to #ActOnClimate. 
Read why @FLOTUS is fighting to ensure that girls everywhere have access to quality education. 
Wildfires in the next few decades could be "unrecognizable" to previous generations—because of climate change: 
Senate leaders are blocking the Supreme Court nomination for their own political gain—don't be silent: 
Senate leaders have recognized Judge Garland's impeccable credentials in the past. He deserves a fair hearing and a… 
We need a fully functional Supreme Court. Editorial boards across the country agree: 
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest rating. Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and fill the #SCOTUS… 
Denying climate change is dangerous. Join @OFA supporters in standing up for bold action now: 
Cynics, take note: When we #ActOnClimate, we build a stronger future. 
"That’s how we will overcome the challenges we face: by unleashing the power of all of us for all of us." Read more: 
Check out the most recent editorial boards calling on Senate leaders to vote on Judge Garland: 
Senate leaders have undercut the functionality of the Supreme Court, and that's unacceptable. #DoYourJob 
Senate leaders' political games are handicapping the Supreme Court—and judgeships across the country. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at a reception celebrating #HispanicHeritageMonth. 
Support the bold steps we're taking against climate change. Say you're ready to #ActOnClimate: 
Last week, more than 190 countries reached a landmark deal to reduce carbon pollution from aviation. 
Let's leave our children and grandchildren a planet that's healthier than the one we have today. #ActOnClimate 
Climate change's effects are devastating. Denying the science behind it does nothing to help. 
"On behalf of Michelle and our family, G’mar Chatimah Tovah." —President Obama #YomKippur
"LGBT individuals deserve to know their country stands beside them." —President Obama #NationalComingOutDay 
The Supreme Court must remain above politics. Judge Garland needs a hearing and a vote. #DoYourJob 
Don't stand idly by while Senate leaders continue to block Judge Garland from a fair hearing and vote: 
Judge Garland is just as qualified now as he was in 1997, Senate leaders. It's time to #DoYourJob. 
Dispel misinformation with facts from the @OFA Truth Team. 
The uninsured rate is the lowest it's been in decades, thanks to #Obamacare. Spread the word.… 
Deadline tonight—help rein in payday lenders that succeed by targeting vulnerable Americans: 
The Obama administration and @CFPB are working to protect consumers and #StopTheDebtTrap. 
Our economy is on a better, stronger course. 
The economic progress we've made is undeniable—let's keep it up. 
Check out President Obama's essay in @TheEconomist on the unique challenges the American economy faces. 
The economy added 156,000 jobs in September—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
ICYMI: Read about the historic #ParisAgreement and what it means for the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
The cost of clean energy technology dropped significantly over the last eight years. Get the chart: 
This historic step in the fight to #ActOnClimate came faster than anyone predicted. 
"Today is a historic day in the fight to protect our planet for future generations." —President Obama #ActOnClimate 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement on the Paris Climate Agreement. 
Read from @NYTopinion about why filling the Supreme Court vacancy is crucial for our democracy: 
Enough is enough. Say it's time for Senate leaders to get to work: 
"Everybody cares about their kids, their grandkids, and the kind of world we pass on to them." —President Obama 
Take what matters with you. 
We've come a long way, but the fight for fairness and an economy that works for everyone continues. 
Side-by-side for 24 years. Here's to many more. #HappyAnniversary 
Facts matter. Stay informed with the @OFA Truth Team: 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses why access to paid leave is so important. 
Parents shouldn't have to choose between a paycheck and taking care of a sick child at home. #LeadOnLeave 
After thirty years in Congress, Senator, this should not be your proudest accomplishment. 
We need a fully functioning Supreme Court. Speak up if you agree it's time for a hearing and a vote: 
There has never been a more qualified nominee, Senate leaders. He deserves a fair hearing and a vote. #DoYourJob 
It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. Their refusal to do so is unacceptable: 
"Everybody gets sick." Check out what President Obama is doing to extend access to paid sick leave: 
Never underestimate the strength and resilience of the American economy. 
The @OFA Truth Team makes it easy to stay informed. Join today: 
This is no accident—we're making a comeback because together, we've fought hard to support American families. 
We're better off than we were eight years ago. 
Household incomes are up, and the poverty rate is down across all demographics. 
As long as Senate leaders keep refusing to do their jobs, @OFA supporters will continue speaking out against their… 
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: 
Important, tough conversations require solid facts. Get them from the @OFA Truth Team: 
These are high praises from the American Bar Association—and yet, Senate leaders refuse to even consider Judge Garl… 
Senate leaders' unprecedented obstruction of the Supreme Court nomination must end. Your voice matters: 
The American people are waiting for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
Senate leaders have blocked Judge Garland's hearing for over six months now. Keep pushing: 
Senate leaders need to work for the good of the American people, not seek out political points. 
Watch President Obama and @CEAChair Jason Furman discuss the positive gains the American economy has made. 
Here are 16 broken records we shouldn't be proud of. 
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team: 
Another record broken: 16 months in a row of undeniable, record-breaking heat.
Happy #FirstDayofFall. 
We can't sit idly by. Climate change is likely to threaten our national security—we must act now.… 
Judge Garland is highly qualified for the bench—even some Senate leaders who are now blocking his hearing have agre… 
Senate leaders' blind obstruction of Judge Garland's nomination sets a dangerous precedent. We can't stand idly by. 
Enough of the shameless partisanship, Senators. #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Help keep the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing before their next recess. 
The American Bar Association gave Judge Garland its highest possible rating. He deserves a hearing and a vote.… 
"Their right to inherit a healthy planet is a sacred responsibility." —President Obama #ActOnClimate 
Communities are already experiencing the effects of climate change—we can't afford not to act. Take a look:… 
As the #UNGA meets, take a look at the progress we've made thanks to American leadership in the world. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 71st Session of the United Nations General Assembly. 
LIVE: President Obama is delivering a statement in New York. 
President Obama commemorates #HispanicHeritageMonth in an address to @CHCI. 
Senate leaders are putting politics above their basic responsibility to hold a hearing for Judge Garland. #DoYourJob 
Six months is long enough, senators. It's time to #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland a hearing. 
The Supreme Court should remain above partisan politics, Senator. 
Progress starts with a conversation. Make sure you have the facts to get yours started: 
When we protect our lands and waters, it helps us protect our climate for future generations. #ActOnClimate 
"There is no 'election year' exception in Article II." Sen. Leahy calls on senators to give Judge Garland a hearing: 
President Obama just made history by protecting nearly 5,000 square miles off the New England coast. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at the 2016 Our Ocean Conference. 
We need nine justices for a fully functioning Supreme Court—and editorial boards across the country agree. 
We can't let Senate leaders ignore their constitutional responsibilities. 
Stay informed. Stay engaged. Speak up. Join the @OFA Truth Team: 
The U.S. is on track to hit two million solar installations within the next two years. Momentum is building: 
Time is almost up for Senate leaders to do the right thing and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy. 
Median household income: ⬆
Poverty rate: ⬇
Uninsured rate: ⬇
Middle-class economics works. 
In 2015, we saw the fastest household income growth on record and the largest drop in the poverty rate since 1968. 
 
Largest drop in poverty rate since 1968 ✓ 
The Supreme Court must remain above partisanship. Senate leaders: The time to fill the vacant seat is now. 
ICYMI: This is a really big deal. 
Vice President Biden speaks on the "dangerous precedent" Senate leaders are setting by refusing to do their jobs. 
These are records we can't keep breaking. We must work together to #ActOnClimate. 
Meaningful action on climate change can't wait. President Obama explains why in this @nytimes interview. 
We need to keep up efforts to fight climate change at every level—locally, nationally, globally. #ActOnClimate 
Senate leaders are back in session. Keep the pressure high—call out their obstructionism. 
There's no need to overcomplicate the process. #DoYourJob 
We must take bold steps now—climate change is already impacting millions of people. 
Congress is back, and they have important work to do before their next recess. Make sure you say where you stand: 
Stay in the loop with important facts. Join @OFA's Truth Team: 
Rising sea levels are already flooding homes and roads along America's coasts. The time to #ActOnClimate is now. 
Fewer Americans are uninsured than ever before, thanks to #Obamacare. 
Congress is back from recess. Help put the pressure on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a hearing: 
The process is clear. The Supreme Court and American people are waiting for Senate leaders to get to work. 
Senate leaders have 32 days before their next recess to give Judge Garland a hearing and a vote. Call them out now: 
The Paris Climate Agreement is a big deal in the fight against climate change—and now, a big step closer to reality. 
The United States is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
Conservation not only protects diverse lands and species, it's also an important part of battling climate change. 
"When we protect our lands, it helps us protect the climate for the future." —President Obama #ActOnClimate 
President Obama has a message for America's workers today—check it out: 
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the labor movement that helped build this country. 
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
When Americans stand together, there's no challenge too great to solve—not even climate change. #ActOnClimate today: 
Unemployment: ⬇
Deficits: ⬇
Uninsured rate: ⬇
Jobs: +15.1 million 
It's been a long road, but we're far better off than we were eight years ago. 
The economy added 151,000 jobs in August—extending the longest streak of total job growth on record.
Senate leaders return from recess next week. They need to get to work on a vote for Judge Garland—say so. 
Recess is almost over, and editorial boards across the country are calling for Senate leaders to do their jobs. 
Stay in the loop with important facts, brought to you weekly. Join @OFA's Truth Team: 
Senate leaders need to hear you expect a vote on Judge Garland when recess ends—say you'll let them know: 
We can't afford to have a Supreme Court that's short-handed. Here's why: 
The American people need their legislators to be dedicated to solutions, not obstruction. #DoYourJob 
Senate leaders have a job to do—join the thousands reminding them when they reconvene next week. 
Summer's almost over, Senate leaders. #DoYourJob 
Have meaningful, fact-based conversations. Join OFA's Truth Team: 
Show off your pride in this movement—grab your Organizing&amp; tee: 
Senate leaders must put country before party politics. Read why it's time to give Judge Garland a vote. 
It's not too late for Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing and up-or-down vote. Say you agree. 
Obstruction—especially when it comes to the Supreme Court—is nothing to be proud of, @SenateMajLdr. #DoYourJob 
President Obama continues his track record of protecting millions of acres of federal land and water. Take a look: 
Speaking up is the first step. Let's build on our progress one conversation at a time. #WomensEqualityDay 
Say you'll continue the fight to make gender equality a reality in America: 
We've come a long way, but there's still more to do to make sure women are truly treated equally. #WomensEqualityDay 
Organize for change in your community, and look good doing it. 
"These are our American cathedrals, and they belong to you." —Jonathan B. Jarvis, director of the @NatlParkService 
Happy 100th birthday, @NatlParkService. Here's to the next 100. #NPS100 
We need nine Supreme Court justices. The Senate needs to do its job and vote on Judge Garland: 
This is nothing more than shameless partisanship. The Supreme Court should be held in higher regard. #DoYourJob 
Get important news delivered straight to your inbox—join the @OFA Truth Team: 
Rhode Island just built America's first offshore wind farm, which will create clean energy and fight climate change. 
America's leadership in the fight against climate change pays off in more ways than one. #ActOnClimate 
We can't wait any longer to restore our Supreme Court to full capacity. Tell Senate leaders: It's time for a vote. 
The Supreme Court isn't some partisan football to be kicked around. Senate leaders should stop treating it like one. 
Read why the Supreme Court needs nine justices, not shameless partisanship. 
Get the facts. Cut through the noise with the @OFA Truth Team: 
"We’ve protected more than 265 million acres of public lands and waters." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama commemorates the 100th anniversary of the @NatlParkService. 
Another record broken. 
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now: 
Climate change is not too big of a challenge to solve. We're making good headway. #ActOnClimate 
“Each month just gives another data point that makes the evidence stronger that we’re changing the climate.” 
Fifteen months in a row of record-breaking heat is a signal that can't be denied: We need to #ActOnClimate. 
Get the facts, not the fluff—join the OFA Truth Team: 
Carry what you need while organizing for change. 
New standards for heavy-duty trucks will cut 1.1 billion metric tons of carbon pollution through 2027. 
Call on Congress to #DisarmHate. Add your name to support common-sense gun legislation: 
We shouldn't accept this as normal. #DisarmHate 
Doing nothing won't stop our country's gun violence epidemic. Congress must act to #DisarmHate. 
We’re taking important steps to help guarantee the basic security of paid family leave. 
Senate leaders must stop obstructing our Supreme Court. Take a stand and show your support. 
Reminder: It's the Senate's job to fairly consider Supreme Court nominees. #DoYourJob 
Today, thousands of young DREAMers are able to fully contribute to our communities and our economy. 
Judge Garland deserves a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. Add your voice and show your support: 
It’s not too late. Senate leaders can still make this right and give Judge Garland an up-or-down vote. 
Editorial boards around the country agree: Our judicial system is too important to be used as a political football. 
"There's no doubt that America has become a global leader in the fight against climate change." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses progress made in combating climate change—and what's left to do. 
Let's be clear: Senate leaders are playing political games with the Supreme Court. #DoYourJob 
The Clean Power Plan will improve the future health and well-being of our children and families. #ActOnClimate 
Not long ago, women could be charged more for health insurance—for being women. There's more to do: 
Equality isn't a zero-sum game. 
Five months is long enough. It's time for a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. 
Senate leaders continue to obstruct a full Supreme Court and it must stop—add your name if you agree: 
Read what major news outlets are saying about the critical need for a fully functioning Supreme Court: 
20 million more insured ✔️ 
15 million new jobs ✔️ 
A global climate agreement ✔️ 
Let's keep it going: 
Don't let misinformation go unchallenged. Join the @OFA Truth Team and get the facts to fight back: 
Being cynical is easy. It's having hope in the face of adversity that's hard—but essential. 
Grab one of these for all your progressive organizing travels. 
Don't let the cynics win. Keep pushing for change with @OFA. 
We've accomplished so much as a movement—and it's thanks to the power of organizing. 
Judge Garland has now waited 146 days. That's shameful—and irresponsible. #DoYourJob 
Senate leaders are hamstringing our Supreme Court. This obstruction is unprecedented—and unacceptable: 
Editorial boards from across the country have called on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
President Obama has done more to improve energy efficiency than any previous U.S. leader. 
Adding clean energy jobs is another way the U.S. is continuing to #ActOnClimate. 
Show your support for bold action to fight climate change. 
Americans across the country agree that we need bold action in the fight against climate change. #ActOnClimate 
These extreme records aren't a fluke—climate change is largely caused by human activity. 
"Team USA reminds the world why America always sets the gold standard." —President Obama 
President Obama reflects on his experience as a feminist—and his hopes to continue building toward gender equality. 
Today's jobs report underscores what we know to be true: America's economy is the strongest in the world. 
This is a good thing for American workers and businesses—but there's more work to do. 
Our economy is continuing its comeback. Let's keep up the progress. 
The economy added 255,000 jobs in July—a record-breaking 77 months of private-sector job growth.
It’s President Obama’s last birthday in office—​d​on’t forget to sign ​the card. 
Keep that smile going strong. Wish President Obama a happy 55th birthday today: 
Make President Obama's last birthday in office extra special. Sign the card: 
The Clean Power Plan is one of the biggest steps forward in the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
One last birthday as Organizer-in-Chief. Help make it a good one—sign the card now: 
Birthday game: stronger. 
Wish President Obama a happy 55th. 
From the Clean Power Plan to the Paris Climate Agreement, the U.S. is leading the way in the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
Don't sleep on this—the President's birthday is tomorrow. Sign the card now: 
Today is the one-year anniversary of the Clean Power Plan—show your support in the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
The Clean Power Plan will cut carbon pollution from power plants by 32 percent by 2030. #ActOnClimate 
Show President Obama some love on his 55th birthday—sign the birthday card. 
Step 1: Sign President Obama's birthday card. 
Step 2: Celebrate. 
Senate leaders are weakening our highest court by refusing to vote on Judge Garland. 
It has been a record-breaking 139 days since Judge Garland was nominated and still no hearing or vote. #DoYourJob 
Supreme Court seats: 9
Current number of Justices: 8
Number of hearings/votes on President Obama's nominee: 0
44 is turning 55. Celebrate—sign the card. 
Judge Garland should get a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote from the Senate. Speak out. 
The Supreme Court still needs a ninth justice, but Senate leaders are still refusing to do their jobs. #DoYourJob 
55? May be time for some new material. Join @OFA in wishing President Obama happy birthday. 
Keep up with the issues that matter to you. Spread the facts. Join the @OFA Truth Team. 
"We all have to do our job. The President has done his. Senate Republicans must do theirs." —@VP Biden 
🎶 Sign the card and wish President Obama a happy birthday. 🎶 
In the weekly address, retired Federal Judge Timothy Lewis joins @VP Biden to discuss the #SCOTUS vacancy. 
Before their obstruction of President Obama's nominee, these six senators voted to confirm Judge Garland. 
Add your name if you think the Supreme Court is no place for partisan political games: 
It's been a record-breaking 135 days since President Obama nominated Judge Garland. The obstruction must end. 
Help President Obama celebrate his 55th birthday by signing @OFA's card today: 
Our children's health and prosperity is too important to ignore the consequences of climate change. Speak out now: 
Wildfire seasons are getting longer, more dangerous, and more expensive. We need to do more to #ActOnClimate. 
Fighting for progress never goes out of style. Get your @OFA Classic Tee: 
It's time to offer serious solutions on how to build on #Obamacare's progress—not take it away. 
We've made a lot of progress, but there's still more work to do. 
Thanks to #Obamacare, millions of Americans have gained the coverage they need. Say you're proud. 
Six years later, and Republican leaders still have no credible #Obamacare alternative. 
It's the mark of the movement—wear it proud. Get yours today: 
Judge Garland is a well qualified nominee. Senate leaders' refusal to even give him a hearing is unacceptable. 
Let's be clear: #Obamacare is working and helping millions of Americans. 
97 percent of climate scientists agree—climate change is real and man-made. Stand up for bold action: 
It's easy to be cynical, but there's no challenge we can't overcome. #ActOnClimate 
Add your name if you think we need common-sense legislation to prevent gun violence. 
Actively ignoring this epidemic is unacceptable. Congress has to act. #DisarmHate 
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
Restoring the Supreme Court to full strength must remain above Senate leaders' petty politics. #DoYourJob 
The federal minimum wage hasn't been raised since 2009. $7.25 isn't enough to make ends meet—we need to #RaiseTheWage.
"Our economy is stronger today than it was before the crisis." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, @SenWarren joins President Obama to discuss economic progress and Wall Street reform. 
Add your name if you believe Senate leaders need to put aside partisan politics and fill the Supreme Court vacancy: 
A reminder for Senate leaders: Judge Garland has had strong bipartisan support in the past. #DoYourJob 
Ida is one of the millions of people getting new opportunities to go solar and save money. Find out more: 
Our economy is making real progress. 
By almost every economic measure, our economy is better off than it was eight years ago. 
America’s businesses have created more than 14 million new private-sector jobs over 76 straight months. 
For three years in a row, heat records have been broken across the globe. We have to #ActOnClimate now. 
Make your voice heard: The Senate must fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court. 
Today marks 125 days since Judge Garland's nomination—the longest time in history from nomination to confirmation. 
Editorial boards across the country are calling on Senate leaders to fill the Supreme Court vacancy. Read more: 
The majority of Americans believe Judge Garland should get a fair hearing—add your name if you agree. 
Read President Obama's op-ed in the @WSJ on the need for Senate leaders to fill the #SCOTUS vacancy: 
Happening now: President Obama is delivering a statement on the shooting in Baton Rouge. 
Happening now: President Obama is delivering remarks at the Diplomatic Corps Reception. 
Tonight: President Obama joins a town hall discussion on communities and policing. Watch at 8 p.m. ET on @ABC: 
Stay in touch with the latest news—join the @OFA Truth Team: 
Check out @VP Biden on the Supreme Court vacancy and Senate Republicans’ continued obstruction. 
Watch President Obama deliver remarks at the #DallasMemorial service yesterday. 
President Obama is delivering remarks at an interfaith memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
At 1:40 p.m. ET, President Obama will be speaking at a memorial service for the fallen police officers in Dallas. 
Happy Fourth of July. 
"Just imagine the peace and justice that would be possible in our world if we all lived a little more like Elie Wiesel." —President Obama
Watch President Obama share a #FourthOfJuly message in the weekly address. 
Millions of Americans believe the Senate should hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. Are you one of them? 
Nationwide, editorial boards agree that Senate leaders should get to work and hold a fair hearing for Judge Garland. 
Chicago raising its minimum wage is another reminder: Congress needs to keep up and #RaiseTheWage for hard-working Americans nationwide.
Congrats to Chicago and all those who fought to #RaiseTheWage. Boosting paychecks for hard-working Americans is the right thing to do.
Don't let the facts get drowned out. Join the OFA Truth Team today: 
Since #Obamacare passed, health care spending has been slowing—and the uninsured rate is down to an all-time low. 
Quick—you're running out of time to chip in before the fundraising deadline. 
We can do more than thoughts, prayers, and moments of silence. Add your voice to call on Congress to #DisarmHate. 
Stretch it out and get ready—the fundraising deadline is tonight. 
An overwhelming majority of Americans agree—Congress needs to act. #DisarmHate 
Reach out and help build this movement—pitch in: 
After Monday's #SCOTUS ruling, more unconstitutional restrictions on women's reproductive rights are falling. 
Add your name if you agree: Climate change is real and it's going to take global action to tackle it. 
A new historic goal in the fight to #ActOnClimate. 
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: 
Enough has been enough for a long time. Congress needs to vote on sensible gun legislation now. #DisarmHate 
Congratulations to D.C., and thanks to Mayor Bowser and the D.C. Council for fighting to #RaiseTheWage. 
"She outworked her rivals ... and became a role model to millions of Americans—including our two daughters." —President Obama on Pat Summitt
You don't need super powers to help push progress forward. Chip in today: 
Today's #SCOTUS ruling reaffirms that every woman has a right to make her own reproductive choices. 
Say you'll keep fighting to protect a woman's right to make her own reproductive choices. 
The Supreme Court just struck down Texas' overly restrictive abortion laws—a win for women's reproductive rights. 
Love only wins when people like you stand up and fight for it. Are you in? 
We must keep working toward an America free from discrimination against LGBT individuals. #LoveIsLove 
President Obama designates the first national monument honoring the LGBT rights movement. 
Wear your love with pride. 
"We can’t rest. We’ve got to keep pushing for equality and acceptance and tolerance." —President Obama 
Marriage equality is one year old. But we still have a long way to go for full equality. #LoveIsLove 
Stand in solidarity with LGBT Americans—add your name. 
We've made enormous progress toward full equality for LGBT Americans. Let's keep it going. #LoveIsLove 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses the Stonewall Inn's significance and the ongoing push for progress: 
Take a look: @VP Biden discusses what 4-4 decisions—like yesterday's on immigration—mean for our country. 
From gun violence prevention to LGBT rights, this grassroots movement is fighting for progress. Show your support: 
"Stonewall will be our first national monument to tell the story of the struggle for LGBT rights." —President Obama 
A few words used by leading legal minds to describe Judge Garland:
Phenomenal
Exceptionally bright
Fair-minded 
Think the Senate should give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your voice: 
Because Senate leaders refuse to do their jobs, the Supreme Court cannot properly do its job. #DoYourJob 
Speak up and demand that Congress act on gun violence prevention: 
Congress: Listen to the millions of voices demanding a vote on efforts to reduce gun violence. #DisarmHate 
Our immigration system is broken, and we need Congress for a long-term solution—speak up for #ImmigrationAction: 
on immigration reform: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about today's Supreme Court immigration ruling. 
We need more than moments of silence. We need action. And that's what's going on in the House now: 
The kind of obstruction we're seeing from Senate leaders is unprecedented. #DoYourJob 
If you're one of the millions of Americans who believes Judge Garland should get a fair hearing, add your voice: 
Judge Merrick Garland just received the American Bar Association's highest rating: 
Say you support decisive action to tackle climate change. 
Clean energy is here to stay. 
"There's something sacred about this place." —President Obama on Yosemite National Park 
Staying informed is too important leave to chance. Join the @OFA Truth Team today: 
Join @vj44 on a conference call to discuss efforts we can take to help reduce gun violence. 
Take a look at President Obama's interview with @NatGeo on national parks, climate change and more. 
"To me, fatherhood means being there." —President Obama 
Happy Father's Day to all the dads out there. 
In the weekly address, the President talks about setting examples for children in light of tragedies like Orlando. 
President Obama has taken unprecedented steps to protect our land and water for future generations. 
This week, people all over the world came together to stand with the LGBT community—take a look: 
#OrlandoUnited 
"Minds open. Hearts change. America shifts." —President Obama #Pride2016 
Today, #LoveIsLove in all 50 states. But millions of Americans are still fighting to end discrimination—join them: 
This is how you Slow Jam the News: 
Watch President Obama Slow Jam the News on @FallonTonight at 11:35 p.m. ET. #POTUSonFallon 
Be proud of how far we've come—and continue to push for progress. #LoveIsLove 
Senate leaders' refusal to give Judge Garland a fair hearing is pure politics. #DoYourJob 
Your support for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote to fill the vacancy on the Supreme Court matters: 
Senate leaders' politicization of the Supreme Court is "unconscionable." 
Love looks good on you. Wear it with pride: 
This month and every month. #LoveIsLove 
Unemployment rate ⬇
Federal deficit ⬇
Uninsured rate ⬇ 
Watch as President Obama tackles four common myths about our economy. 
Former Energy Secretary @GovRichardson: Why the #TPP will make a difference in fighting climate change. 
"We pray that the greatest fighter of them all finally rests in peace." —President Obama #RIPMuhammadAli
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree: 
It's time for Senate leaders to end the obstruction of our Supreme Court. #DoYourJob 
Make sure you have all the facts—sign up to be part of the @OFA Truth Team. 
This is the largest annual global increase in renewable power capacity—ever: 
Watch: This is why people across the country have decided to #WearOrange today. 
Gun violence takes too many lives in our country. Congress must do something about it—add your name if you agree: 
This National Gun Violence Awareness Day, keep the pressure on Congress to act. #WearOrange 
The noise around gun violence is loud.
But we can be louder.
#WearOrange 
Join the thousands of people calling on Congress to do something about gun violence—add your name: 
Gun violence takes far too many lives in America. Congress needs to act. #WearOrange 
LAST CHANCE: Keep calm and enter before the midnight deadline. 
How are you going to #WearOrange tomorrow? 
Speak out against gun violence—#WearOrange tomorrow. 
Don't miss your chance to meet President Obama this summer. Enter before tonight's deadline: 
This is progress—but there's still more work to do to make sure our economy works for everybody. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking in Elkhart, Indiana, highlighting America's economic progress. 
Tune in at 3:25 p.m. ET to watch President Obama speak in Elkhart, Indiana—seven years after his first visit. 
"Make the choice to do some good in the world." Watch Judge Garland speak to high school seniors at his alma mater: 
You don't want to miss out on this opportunity—enter now before tonight's deadline. 
Suit up—enter for a chance to meet President Obama before the deadline. 
The Supreme Court shouldn't be part of partisan political games. Add your name if you agree: 
Because some Senate leaders won't do their jobs, the Supreme Court can't fully do its job. #DoYourJob 
Share a laugh with President Obama—enter now for your chance. 
"Today, and every day, let us remember the servicemen and women we have lost." —President Obama 
"This Memorial weekend, I hope you’ll join me in acts of remembrance." —President Obama 
A new survey shows that the overwhelming majority of #Obamacare customers are satisfied with their plans: 
Join the @OFA Truth Team and help set the record straight on issues you care about: 
Enter now for the chance to get some pointers from the Commander-in-Chief. 
Stand up for a fair hearing and timely up-or-down vote for Judge Merrick Garland: 
Judge Garland:
Independent mind ✓
Highly qualified ✓
Has had bipartisan support ✓
Senate leaders: #DoYourJob 
Tell your friends you fist bumped President Obama—enter now for your chance. 
Senate leaders' obstruction of our Supreme Court is completely unprecedented. #DoYourJob 
Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court—add your name if you agree: 
Judge Garland was confirmed with bipartisan support in the past. He deserves a fair hearing. #DoYourJob 
Get some face time with President Obama. Enter now for your chance to meet him: 
If you think Senate leaders should do their jobs and fill the #SCOTUS vacancy, add your name now: 
Don't pass this up—enter now: 
"People want Senate to act on Supreme Court vacancy." See what editorial boards are saying: 
Ever wished you could meet President Obama? Here's your chance. 
Judge Garland has one of the most impressive resumes of any Supreme Court nominee in recent history. 
You don't want to miss out on this chance. Enter today: 
Editorial boards to senators: #DoYourJob and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. 
President Obama did his job, now it's time for the Senate to fulfill its duties—say you agree: 
On average, it's taken 67 days to confirm Supreme Court nominees since 1975. #DoYourJob 
"This week my administration took a step to help more workers get the overtime pay they’ve earned." —President Obama 
In the weekly address, President Obama discusses expanding #overtime for millions of American workers: 
This summer, you and a friend could meet President Obama. Here's how: 
Check out editorials from across the country calling on senators to fill the Supreme Court vacancy: 
Editorial boards across the country are telling Senate leaders: #DoYourJob. 
Despite Judge Garland's qualifications, some Senate leaders still refuse to give him a hearing—speak out: 
The uninsured rate just hit 9.1 percent—the lowest ever recorded. 
Don't miss this: 
Thanks to the new #overtime rule, millions of hard-working Americans will have more economic security. 
Stand up for middle-class workers—add your name to support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule: 
Marriage equality? Affordable health care? Or economic progress? Tell him in person: 
Add your name if you support the Obama administration's new #overtime rule that expands protections for millions: 
LIVE: @VP Biden is speaking about the economy at @jenisicecreams headquarters in Ohio. 
This is a big day for millions of middle-class workers. 
LIVE: Senate Judiciary Democrats are holding a forum on Judge Merrick Garland. 
Here's your chance: Tell President Obama what you're most thankful for—in person. 
Judge Garland's former clerks have a lot to say about his record, work-life balance, and more—take a look: 
Senate leaders are continuing to obstruct a fair hearing for Judge Garland—help put the pressure on: 
It's time for Senate leaders to put politics aside and fill the Supreme Court vacancy. #DoYourJob 
April was the seventh consecutive month of record-high temperatures. We need to #ActOnClimate. 
Think Senate leaders should do their jobs and give Judge Garland a fair hearing? Add your name: 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking with @BuzzFeed about his #SCOTUS nominee, Judge Merrick Garland. 
We need to lead this fight. #ActOnClimate 
Change happens because people like you fight to make it happen. 
Show your support for continued efforts to tackle climate change: 
Read more about the historic new standards in place to reduce methane pollution: 
Senate leaders should listen to the American people. #DoYourJob 
Say you support a fair #SCOTUS nomination process—speak up now: 
Find out what Judge Merrick Garland's former clerks have to say about his record as a public servant: 
Editorial boards are speaking up on the #SCOTUS vacancy. Here's what they're saying: 
Add your name if you support big steps forward in the fight to tackle climate change: 
The Obama administration just finalized standards to cut methane pollution and improve public health. #ActOnClimate 
We can't afford to have a key part of our democracy understaffed. We need nine justices. #DoYourJob 
The Senate should give President Obama's Supreme Court nominee a fair hearing and an up-or-down vote. #DoYourJob 
Add your voice to the push for a fair Supreme Court nomination process: 
Here's where editorial boards across the country stand when it comes to the #SCOTUS vacancy: 
Senate leaders: #DoYourJob and give Judge Garland the fair hearing he deserves. 
Join the hundreds of thousands of people calling on Senate leaders to give Judge Garland a fair hearing: 
Judge Garland has impeccable credentials—he deserves a fair hearing from the Senate. #DoYourJob 
Add your name if you agree: We need a full Supreme Court bench for a functioning democracy. 
Partisan obstructionism shouldn't hold back our Supreme Court. #DoYourJob 
President Obama has a message for @OFA supporters on the work ahead: 
"This Mother’s Day, say thank you. Say, 'I love you.'" —President Obama 
Add your name if you think Senate leaders need to stop obstructing our Supreme Court: 
74 consecutive months—more than six years—of private-sector job growth. Let's keep up the progress. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking about the economy and new steps to strengthen financial transparency. 
The economy added 160,000 jobs in April—a record-breaking 74 months of private-sector job growth.
President Obama just granted clemency to 58 men and women who've earned a second chance: 
Say that Senate leaders should stop hiding behind excuses and give Judge Garland a fair hearing: 
Check out President Obama's latest message to @OFA supporters and volunteers: 
President Obama: When American workers and businesses compete on a level playing field, no one can beat us. 
LIVE: President Obama is speaking at Northwestern High School in Flint, Michigan. 
Retweet if you agree. #DoYourJob 
Make your voice heard on a fair #SCOTUS nomination process—add your name today: 
LIVE: President Obama honors the 2016 National Teacher of the Year. 
Good climate change policy and good economic policy can go hand in hand. #ActOnClimate 
Happy New from the Kim Kardashian Hollywood Game @KKHOfficial 
So excited to watch @mariamenounos host tonight! Such a strong comeback after such a hard year!! #NYEonFox
Christmas 🎄 2017 
I had so many fun photoshoots this year! See them all: 
See my resolution for 2018 
Happy Holidays 
The products you loved the most on my app this year: 
Was always the plan. I archieved them so my instagram feed vibe is back 
I feel so blessed to have had such an amazing year. 
Queens 
💕 @JLo 
TACO WEDNESDAY with @JLo 💗 
Ultralight Beams loose pigment &amp; highlighter available now on 
My best makeup moments of 2017: 
See them all 
@thejakekardash Not blue tint. Just maybe looks like that bouncing off my outfit or the flash
DAY 25 MERRY CHRISTMAS 
So fun! 
DAY 24- CHRISTMAS EVE 
It’s not too late to send KKW for the holidays. Gift cards are the perfect last minute gift, available now at… 
DAY 23-                                                                                  25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS BY… 
Currently 
These aren’t teasers these are the cards 💋😘 
My text convos with my grandma MJ are lit!!!
You don't want to miss this one!! 
US Marine Veteran Seeking Help 
We restocked all @kkwbeauty products today at 
My trainer Melissa gives tips on how to eat well over the holidays  
Ultralight Beams restocked in all 5 shades at 
Ultralight Beams and Crème Contour Kits are back in stock! 
It's Day 4 of Week of Giving! Have you entered yet?  
Ultralight Beams ultra shimmer powder in Copper shot by @rebellebeautyx! All Ultralight Beams and Crème Contour Kit… 
 ❗️Today ❗️at 12PM PST 
✨Ultralight Beams 
✨Crème Contour and Highlight Kits 
Only on 
DAY 21- West Family 
You guys are so cute! 
A guide to the power of healing crystals 
It's day 3 of week of giving! 
Ultralight Beams 10 piece collection and Crème Contour and Highlight Kits will be back in stock tomorrow, 12.21 at… 
Which of our family holiday recipes should you make? 
DAY 20 
DAY 19 
Touring with @erikajayne in My game 😍🎟🎤 
😍😍😍 
It's Day 2 of Week of Giving! Enter now to win a KKW x Kylie Cosmetics Liquid Lipstick Collection! 
Get yours now, plus one of these amazing LuMee Rings free, with any case purchase, for a limited time using this sp… 
Hey guys! LuMee just sent me the new iPhone X Duo cases and I’m loving the new colors. LuMee cases and accessories… 
So thankful for our close family and our many traditions! 
It's officially Day 1 of Week of Giving on my app! Enter here to win a signed @kkwbeauty Ultralight Beams Collectio… 
DAY 18 
💋❤️💋❤️ 
Hi!!! 
💋💋💋 
💋💋💋 
It was so helpful! 
Well this was our first time in a decade and we learned so much! 
Whose watching KUWTK?
Don’t miss a brand new episode of @kuwtk tonight! 
DAY 17 
I really love this video!!!! 
DAY 16- ❤️ 
Last chance to enter to win a signed @KKWFRAGRANCE Crystal Gardenia Perfume: 
DAY 15 
See all the pics! 
Something big is coming to my app next week: 
Happy Birthday!!!!! Hope it's been your best birthday ever!!! 
DAY 14- Happiest of birthdays to my two nephews! I love you so much Mason &amp; Reign 
So excited that we’ve added kids onto @Screenshopit! #Screenshop_Ambassador 
We just announced the new kids shopping feature on @Screenshopit! Now you can take screenshots of any kids outfit y… 
I never leave the house without these things 
I love this! Just showed Kanye he loves it too!!! 💋💋💋 
BTS SHOOT 
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
#KKWapp
More pics here— 
Spent the last few days bleaching my roots (we do it in stages so it doesn't break off). OMG 13 hours &amp; still going… 
#NewProfilePic 
Ultralight Beams in yellow gold. Available on 
Ultralight Beams in iridescent all over the lids and lips mixed with #ultralightbeam bronze lip gloss! Thank you fo… 
Copper Ultralight Beams lip gloss on @rebellebeautyx, available at 
I’m incredibly moved by the stories these brave children shared with @letsfreeamerica and @johnlegend, in partnersh… 
Some of these may surprise you 
Day 13 - 25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS BY @elirusselllinnetz 
#YeezySeason6 
Shop my style for the holidays 
HOLIDAY KIMOJI! Download here: 
OMG 
I am so excited to speak at @CreateCultivate this February to chat about my entrepreneurial journey. Get your ticke… 
Rei Bomber - 100% profits go to Children’s Hospital LA 
Calabasas Crest Beanie 
Faux Fur jacket and purse 
Velour sweatsuit 
Enter now to win a signed @KKWFRAGRANCE Crystal Gardenia Perfume: 
DAY 11 
Don’t worry it’s staying for a little longer 
It was the lighting in tonight’s episode that made the blonde look weird but we fixed the lighting but yes this epi… 
Hansen’s cake is that good! 
KUWTK is on now!!!! I’m watching with you guys!
Happy #KUWTK Sunday! 
DAY 10- PENELOPE 
DAY 9- MASON &amp; DREAM 
@_rickyminaya 😘
@ZeeVanity @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash It’s a must!
Snitch 
A+ 
I really am 
It really makes all the difference 
The EXACT steps to re-create my new haircut 
DAY 8 
A closet staple 
My grandma MJ reveals how she REALLY feels when my sisters and I go nude: 
ALWAYS!!!! 
How you can help with the horrific fires going on right now 
DAY 7 
@kardashangells @itsKELSEYtho Thank you so much!!!
@yeezykimwest Awwww thank you!!!
Happy Birthday my beautiful friend Marina! 
Velour Sweatsuits 
Calabasas Crest Velour Sweat Suit 
Rei jacket 
Demna Dress 
We took 2 pieces from North &amp; Saint’s closet that are their favorite pieces &amp; recreated them. 100% or the proceeds… 
Holiday Drop 4 happening now! 
Our holiday collection is now live on 
I pray everyone in Los Angeles is safe from these fires and THANK YOU to all of the fire fighters working so hard to keep everyone safe!
Up late watching Stranger Things. Almost done with season 1. I’m obsessed!!!!
Yeezy Season 6 now available on 
Iridescent and Rose Gold Ultralight Beams, available now at 
Everything I wore in November: 
So excited to announce the premiere date, host and judges for #GlamMasters, the new beauty competition series I’m e… 
DAY 5- HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my beautiful boy Saint! I love you so much! You don’t even understand!!! 
Just enjoyed an amazing dinner at the Grove for 
Ultralight Beams in Yellow Gold ✨ Lip gloss and shimmering loose powders available now at 
So many cute gift ideas for kids: 
See what's on my holiday shopping list this year: 
Faux Fur leopard bag 
Silver sequin dress, skull embroidered velvet bomber jacket 
Faux Fur leopard coat, Calabasas beanie &amp; 2 color ways of toddler 350’s 
Velour sweat suits! In Burgandy and Black with our Calabasas Crest 
This Wednesday Dec 6th @TheKidsSupply is dropping our holiday collection exclusively on 
I love it! 
DAY 4 
And I love Calabasas for being my runway #Yeezy
Thank you Carine Roitfeld for styling Season 6 #Yeezy
That’s most of the Yeezy Season 6 looks. There’s a few i didn’t post bc i can’t find them in my phone
Kit Kat run #Yeezy 
#Yeezy 
Storage unit run #Yeezy 
Calabasas #Yeezy 
#Yeezy 
Coffee break #Yeezy 
#Yeezy 
Chill #Yeezy 
Business meetings #Yeezy 
Phone calls #Yeezy 
Date night #Yeezy 
Getting gas  #Yeezy 
Meetings #Yeezy 
FedEx run #Yeezy 
Errands run #Yeezy 
Late night run #Yeezy 
Office run #Yeezy 
Coffee Bean run #Yeezy 
Delorian ride #Yeezy 
Smoothie run #Yeezy 
McDonald’s run #Yeezy 
I’m up early and might spam you guys with these Yeezy looks that i love 😜
My fam 💙🌊❄️ 
Super Moon 
 
My @kkwbeauty Ultralight Beams on @sonjdradeluxe 
Happy Birthday @ZOHALxo xoxo 
DAY 3 
Bronze pigment &amp; gloss mixed together for an extra intense look! 
I love when @MakeupByMario swatches... gonna post some of his videos 
ultralight beams in yellow gold! 
DAY 2 
Beautiful!!!! 
So glad you guys are loving the Ultralight Beams highlighters and glosses!!! Our full sets are sold out!
Shop my @kkwbeauty Ultralight Beams now at 
Ultralight Beams are available now on 
ALL about my Ultralight Beams launching at 12 PM PST on @kkwbeauty: 
Wait when u zoom in the pic looks blurry with the way they compresses. I’m gonna upload a higher res pic as soon as i get it
25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS BY @EliLinnetz 
25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS BY @ELIRUSSELLLINNETZ STARTING TODAY...
Swatches 
Ultralight Beams 
Today is launch day! So excited for my new Ultralight Beams highlighters &amp; glosses dropping on… 
$32 Lipgloss + Highlight Duo ✨
i love this!!! 
I'm answering all your questions about my new @KKWBEAUTY Ultralight Beams: 
SEASON 6 
Tell me what you get! 
Ultralight Beams pigment shimmers &amp; glosses launching tomorrow 12pm PST on 
BTS 
A day in the life of KKW 
Ultralight Beams powders &amp; gloss duo for $32 is launching at 12pm PST this Friday Dec 1st exclusively at… 
Sharing the details 
YEEZY 
2 days until Ultralight Beams shimmers, highlighters &amp; glosses launch on 
Watch never-before-seen footage of my new Ultra Light Beams! 
ULTRALIGHT BEAMS 
Ultralight Beams Highlighters &amp; Glosses launching Dec 1st on 
Please find his bag @JetBlue 🙏🏽✈️💙 
#CyberMonday Deal for @thekidssupply Receive free U.S. shipping (use code: FREESHIP) OR 10% off your order (use cod… 
My little cherry blossom baby 
I’m obsessed now! I can’t wait to watch season 2!!!! 
.@MakeupByMario breaks down this look 
FREE SHIPPING for all fragrance today only on 
@narcicismo We just have the digital pics not printing them this year so we will just post it online for you guys!
@Elenaiubi @KKWFRAGRANCE ❤️❤️
@sehrishj @diana_guirguis @kkwbeauty @KKWFRAGRANCE ❤️❤️❤️
On 
Watching Stranger Things Season 1. Episode 4. I feel like I’m gonna be up all night trying to watch it all!
#CyberMonday Deal starts TONIGHT at 6pm PST! Receive free U.S. shipping (use code: FREESHIP) OR 10% off your order… 
I cannot believe i didn’t know Santa was @foodgod !!!!
OMG @foodgod as Santa literally makes me cry laughing!
91302
Very feisty that one! 
The bake off begins!!! #KUWTK
Oh yes I am! 
Awww the telethon was so heart warming! 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 @JLO is the best!!!
The kids just took over the party this year so we just making it mostly just our friends now 
Always lurking 
OMG This show is making me so excited for Christmas!!!!
Free Worldwide Shipping now through #CYBERMONDAY at 
I’m so excited about our Christmas Special on E tonight!!! It’s so good! Please tune in &amp; watch with me!
One hour until a brand new holiday episode of #KUWTK 🎄 9/8c on E! @KUWTK 
Sneak peek of @KUWTK tonight!! This day at the @LAFoodBank was such an amazing experience for my family:… 
My @TheKidsSupply #CyberMonday Deal starts TONIGHT at 6pm PST! Get free U.S. shipping (use code: FREESHIP) OR 10% o… 
Cyber Monday deals start tonight at 6pm PST for @KKWBEAUTY @KKWFRAGRANCE and @THEKIDSSUPPLY #CyberMonday
Cherry Blossom heaven 🍒🌸 
Happy Birthday to the one and only @MIKESNEDEGAR love you!
Night out in New Orleans 
😍😍😍 
😍😂😘 
The ice cubes at my baby shower! 
Only a few hours left to shop the sale on 
Happy Birthday! I hope you had the best birthday!!! 
The Crystal Gardenia is my fave! 
Light and medium Crème Contour &amp; Highlight Kits are sold out! Don’t miss out on my @kkwbeauty #BlackFriday deals! Y… 
KKW BEAUTY Contour &amp; Highlight Kits are on sale for Black Friday up to 30% off! Go to 
All fragrance is back in stock on 
Who had Thanksgiving dinner in the #KimKardashianGame ? Join me all weekend long! 
😍💋😘 
Black Friday sale at 
When you buy any @kkwbeauty product you’ll be sent a code with your order confirmation that gets you free U.S shipp… 
All three of my fragrances are back in stock now at 
Black Friday starts NOW! Get up to 30% off at 
All three fragrances will be back in stock tonight at 6PM PST. Receive free U.S. shipping or 10% off your internati… 
Happy Thanksgiving! I’m so thankful for you! 
Get ready for my fragrance restock at 
Happy Thanksgiving! 
I am praying for you! I hope everything's ok! 
Happy Thanksgiving! 
Have you guys been using @Screenshopit ? We now are featuring sales just in time for Black Friday 
Yep!!!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving! Send the perfect Thanksgiving KIMOJI this week: 
Currently: Thanksgiving Edition! 
Which @KKWFragrance should you try? Take my quiz to find out! 
We were only planning to do a one time limited edition release but due to demand I’m happy to say we were able to q… 
Hey guys, so the response to my fragrance was so incredible and I can’t believe how fast we sold out online!
You can go into the @violetgrey store in Los Angeles to get Crystal Gardenia @kkwfragrance 
The system has failed. It’s heart breaking to see a young girl sex trafficked then when she has the courage to figh… 
@KimKardashian @KKWFRAGRANCE #kkwfragrance #CrystalGardeniaCitrus #RoseQuartz 
Happy #ThanksgivingWeek! Send your friends the perfect KIMOJI: 
Take my quiz and tweet me what you get! 
I teamed up with @Spotify to launch my new profile and today's Crystal Meditation playlist is all about positive vi… 
Wow this is the sweetest thing! 
😂😍😂 
 @KimKardashian @ForeverMalika 
This was such a special day 
Got to hang with these beauties at my fragrance launch! @nataliehalcro @oliviapierson 
One of the best moments with Mr. Alaia: 
Simply the best! No one like you! It was an honor to know you. You will be missed so greatly! Rest In Peace Mr. Ala… 
My fragrances are now completely sold out!!! I’m working with my factory to bring you guys more product very soon! @KKWFRAGRANCE
All the photos of my visit to @AHouse_LA 
We are planning this soon!!! 
wait what?!?!!!! OMG OMG OMG! 
Crystal Gardenia Oud is sold out! We still have a few more of the other scents available at 
See inside my @KKWFragrance launch party: 
I am so so grateful to everyone who bought theirs and I’m seeing all your tweets saying you’ve received them alread… 
So I’ve had the most amazing response to my fragrance and it’s selling out fast! I’m working with my factory to mak… 
Crystal Gardenia 30 mL is sold out! Limited quantities are still available in the larger 75mL size!… 
Crystal Gardenia Citrus 75mL is sold out!! The 30mL is still available as well as my other two scents at 
These two fast food chains are my go-to when I indulge  #NationalFastFoodDay 
A Very Kardashian Holiday 🎅🏻🎄 
We shot a West Family card too this year 🎄 
A BTS look at my Violet Grey shoot: 
Watch me do Spill Your Guts or Fill Your Guts last night on The Late Late Show with James Corden @LateLateShow 
I had so much fun taking over @TheRealDaytime today! Be sure to check your local listings and tune in!… 
We just did them with my parents not grand parents, but she makes a come back this year! 
You have to tweet me when you receive and let me k ow what you think! Smells so good! 
Plus I wore the cutest @RalphLauren dress on James Cordon tonight! I’m obsessed!
Just taped @latelateshow with James Cordon OMG we played “Spill Your Guts or Fill Your Guts” You have to watch tonight!
Such a beautiful night. 
Yes! 💋 soon... 
Who’s watching @TheEllenShow ?!?!
All three scents available now at 
I hope you like it! I know you will! 
I know you will love it! Please tweet me once you receive it &amp; let me know what you think! 
That was my go to forever!!! Maybe the citrus for you! 
Crystal Gardenia available on 
Omg 1 minute to launch! #kkwfragrance
Violet Grey shoot 📸 Ben Hasset 
Kkw Fragrance launch last night x Violet Grey 
Today’s the day!!! Go to 
Violet Grey - Cover Story
📸 - Ben Hasset 
💄- Morgane Martini                           💇🏼‍♀️- Chris Appleton 
Dolce &amp; Gabbana ❤️❤️❤️ @dolcegabbana 
Violet Grey dinner last night for KKW Fragrance Crystal Gardenia 
8452 Melrose Place
Los Angeles, California 90069
From November 15th - November 29th h…
Thank you to everyone at Violet Grey for the amazing dinner last night to launch kkw fragrance!
The sweetest message ever from the sweetest sister ever!!! 
Hey guys I’ve teamed up with @Spotify to launch my official profile! Follow me so you can check out my playlists co… 
I’m excited to place my order for the 3 fragrances…
How the past year inspired @KKWFragrance: 
Tomorrow my new perfume launches on 
These are the press boxes but every box comes with a bag of a few crystals just not as many as the press boxes 
Crystal Gardenia 
Crystal Gardenia Oud 
Crystal Gardenia Citrus 
Crystal Gardenia Nov 15th 
Crystal Gardenia Oud Nov 15th 
Crystal Gardenia Citrus Nov 15th 
Thank you!!!! 
The last step in my skincare routine is always... 
You guys tweeted me your questions and I answered! Everything you need to know about @KKWFragrance here 
LACMA event wearing Gucci by Tom Ford 
Love this cover @smoda glam by @MakeupByMario @ChrisAppleton1 
Just finished a really hard workout, I’m so drained! But getting my nails done and watching KUWTK with you guys
Seeing episodes where my hair was dark makes me miss my dark hair
A little over one year 
Tune into #KUWTK now!!! On E! I’m watching with you guys
Happy Sunday 
Who did you get?! 
Happy birthday Dream! 
Wait it’s tied with Selena. This was my fave too! 
My fave Halloween costume this year was Sonny &amp; Cher 
Everything I wore in October: 
Amazed by these projects supported by @WeareLRNG Innovators &amp; @johnlegend #RedesignLRNG 
🏍 
Such a fun night! Get the exact steps to my bronzy glam.  
Wow this is so cool!!! 
I loved this look. See the steps on my app 
The story behind our home renovation 
New Northie KIMOJI! Download now!  
Happy Birthday!!! @thejakekardash 
Go your AppStore and download Screenshop tod…
So glad everyone's loving @Screenshopit!!! Screenshot any pic and find the exact designer looks and similar items.… 
I love how @screenshopit lets you find the exact designer looks you see people wearing online, plus suggests simila… 
ScreenShop App @screenshopit 
Screenshot any look you like and it will show you where you can get so many similar looks! 
Watch me get ready as Selena: 
BTS of @KKWFRAGRANCE 
MONDAY MOOD! Download the new KIMOJI now! 
Take it easy, it’s not worth it &amp; I️ get sick now if I️ eat too much junk 
She does NOT play around! 
Not hard when you want the change bad enough. 
Yep I️ was up late one night  stalking Instagram &amp; found her! 
It’s not a diet but a healthy life style. I️m never deprived just eat super healthy now 
You just have to be determined &amp; set your mind to it. I️ couldn’t do it without   Melissa pushing me every day. 
Watch me go crazy having my last day of crazy eating with @foodgod &amp; @khloekardashian tonight! #KUWTK
On tonight’s episode is when I️ met my trainer &amp; food coach @FitGurlMel . She’s a hardcore body builder &amp; has changed my body!
Cheat day 
Exclusive KIMOJI merch available at @ComplexCon Day 2 today until 7pm, booth #A2! Share your pics with the KIMOJI p… 
Come shop exclusive KIMOJI merch today until 7pm at @ComplexCon! Share your photo wall pics with #Kimoji 🍑… 
Happy Birthday to my best friend @krisjenner Couldn’t have asked for a better mom! I’m so grateful for you!!! Love… 
My glam tonight is by Chris Appleton and Ariel Tejada 💋❤️
LACMA 2017 wearing Tom Ford for Gucci 
Photo Wall #Kimoji #ComplexCon 
KIMOJI booth at Complexcon 
Watch me and @kourtneykardash transform into Madonna and Michael Jackson for Halloween: 
I’ve always loved Aaliyah! See why I decided to dress up as her for Halloween: 
Crystal Gardenia, Crystal Gardenia Citrus and Crystal Gardenia Oud available worldwide 11/15… 
Crystal Gardenia, Crystal Gardenia Citrus and Crystal Gardenia Oud available worldwide 11/15… 
OMG @KrisJenner I’m crying! I can’t wait to see this whole thing today on @TheEllenShow Everyone tune into see my m… 
So proud of Kendall for using her birthday to make a difference for people without clean water! Support her campaign 
OMGGGGG you’re so sweet!!!!! 💋😍❤️ 
Happy Birthday @kendalljenner My sweet sister I love you so much!!! 
💋 
So many laughs tonight!!! Jennifer really asked me anything &amp; everything!!! 
TONIGHT @JimmyKimmelLive 
It doesn’t get better than this! So much fun with Jennifer Lawrence! Tune into @JimmyKimmelLive tonight! 
I’m going to be on @JimmyKimmelLive TONIGHT with guest host Jennifer Lawrence! We’ll miss you @JimmyKimmel! Tune in at 11:35/10:35c
The pics you haven’t seen… 
OMG @milliebbrown we love you bible!!!! 
Dropping exclusive Kimoji product at @complexcon on @getfrenzyapp. Download Frenzy now 👉 
I love these! Keep tagging me! 
My fave Selena!!!! 
Ready for my last Halloween look
Dress up for Halloween with me in the #KimKardashianGame! 
Happy Halloween! How do you guys celebrate? See the Halloween traditions I've passed down to my kids! 
Sending these Halloween KIMOJIs all day today!!! Who is with me?! Download here: 
Been working on these for over a year! They are coming soon 
🙋🏻that’s literally why I started it bc I wanted quick make up answers. I’m not a make up artist &amp; use it for my qui… 
Love this glam! @makeupbymario used the @kkwbeauty dark &amp; light Powder Contour &amp; Highlight kits for my eyeshadow!… 
💋 
@sallykohn @khloekardashian @kourtneykardash ❤️❤️❤️
❤️ 
Exclusive look at my Cher costume! Watch the full video now: 
MJ &amp; Madge -#ICONS 
Michael Jackson &amp; Madonna 
Tonight’s inspo 
I’m going to be putting up tons of pics and videos on my app of all of my looks and show the whole glam process!
Baby Girl Aaliyah 
My Halloween theme this year is ICONS! Musical legends!!! Paying homage to some of my faves!
My #HallowKKWeen transformation into @cher last night! 
I love you so much!!! 💋 
Sonny &amp; Cher 
Sonny &amp; Cher #HalloWKKWeen 
I got you babe @foodgod 
#HallowKKWeen 
#HalloKKWeen 
#HallowKKWeen Part 2 
Going live again on Periscope!!!!
New product sneak peek! Can u guess what it is?!?! We’re getting closer to Cher #HallowKKWeen 
Going live on Periscope now!
#HallowKKWeen 
Our inspo for the night #HalloweKKWeen 
Sonny &amp; Cher 
Cher vibes tonight #HallowKKWeen 
But not like this!!!! And never with Sonny before! 
It’s a 70’s theme and I have @foodgod here to be my sidekick! We love doing Halloween together! #HalloweKKWeen
Here’s a hint.... #HallowKKWeen 
Getting ready for tonight! My first look for the Halloween week! Can you guess what I’m going to be??? #HallowKKWeen
Watch @Chrisspymakeup take skull glam to another level with @KKWBeauty in this new video! 
Happy Halloweekend! Bring the Halloween KIMOJIS out to play:  
Watch @Chrisspymakeup get ready for Halloween with @KKWBeauty! 
My secrets for keeping my blond hair healthy 
Never before seen Halloween pics! 
Alexander Wang Gang 
So proud of my girl @fergie for #DoubleDutchess! It was an honor to be a part of it! Watch the visual experience 
Happy Birthday @sarahrhoward to the smartest girl I know ❤️💋❤️💋 cc @jack
This is so unfair... 
❤️❤️❤️ 
You guys ask the best questions! Answering what I hope my kids learn from me, my favorite Kanye song and more... 
KKW FRAGRANCE campaign by Mert &amp; Marcus launching November 15 
She really is psychic 🔮 
The best costume!!!! Hahahaha 
Take these on your next trip! 
I'm giving away signed sets of my @kkwbeauty contour kits (all three shades!) Enter here: 
Oh don’t worry we filmed it all for KUWTK! Coming soon!!! 
Caption this... 
😂😂😂 
My 3 step skincare secret 
I just watched the most special heartwarming video!!! I love u guys so much &amp; I’m so grateful to have u in my life! 
I’m so excited for this years Halloween!!! So many fun costumes but you’re gonna have to wait and see... 
This is what I’m curious of what’s better! 
I have two kids people!!!! LOL 
Anyone know who makes the best double stroller? Not a tiny compact one but regular size.
Recreate one of my Halloween costumes! 
I love the Halloween KIMOJIS!! Download NOW: 
I love seeing @chrissyteigen on the show tonight! 
I’m a comic! 
Sorry I’m late on tonight’s KUWTK episode, I’m watching now!
I will never be done with a Tao birthday!!!!! Right @MIKESNEDEGAR 
❤️❤️❤️💋💋💋 
#HappyBirthdayKimKardashian 
Good job Burger King! This legit made me cry! 
Thank you everyone for all of the love &amp; light this year on my birthday! I love seeing all of your messages,they ma… 
I love celebrating my birthday with you guys! Join me in the #KimKardashianGame this weekend!… 
now listening to @harryhudson “Cry For Love” ❤️
Recreate my exact look 
Flashback to my first fragrance launch 
What turning 37 means to me and more... 
@kimyonceee Yes it will be world wide!
new birthday quiz! 
Yeezy Mud Rat 500’s 
Good luck!!!!! 
SAME! 
Literally my fave pants right now! They fit so good 
@kimyonceee I literally say this all the time! It’s so true! Lol
My grandma is the cutest!! Watch me do her makeup now: 
Yeezy Wave Runner 700 🌊 
Step-by-step guide to this glam 
Hey guys! We’re shooting our KUWTK Christmas Special! We do so much during the holidays, what did u want to see?
The diet I stick to, creams I use and more 
😂😂😂 
Halloween is TWO weeks away! Spooky KIMOJIS out now: 
This is amazing!!! 
I’m really trying to get it together lol 
And lol yes we have to film it in October to air during the holidays!
We just started filming our KUWTK Christmas Special! Can’t wait for you guys to see this &amp; see what our holiday prep is like!
Dr. Lancer's tips on my app now 
Enter now! 
Using @kkwbeauty Creme Contour &amp; Highlight Kit in Medium 
Exactly! Trying to not wrinkle my dress! 
No never just the Met! 
I was legit shaking! Lol 
I was never anxious before I don’t k ow what’s gotten into me! 
I’m watching with you guys on the West Coast tonight!
awwww love you!!! 
Donate: 
i love it!!!! 
Hey everyone! We’re live at the telethon! Please call in and donate!
Tonight we’re uniting to support disaster relief. Tune in 8PM/7C You can donate here: 
@itsKELSEYtho Ohhh just wait 😍
Today Patrick Ta used @kkwbeauty powder contour &amp; highlight in the Medium kit 
Tip I learned from the pros 
Tomorrow night Tune In please! 🙏🏽 🇵🇷 
Step by step with @KKWBeauty 
Happy #FridayThe13th! Celebrate with my scary KIMOJIS: 
❤️ my family. uncle Tommy, aunt Joan, Margaret, Dad, Papa 
Who has the new KKW KIMOJI?! Love these faces: 
Everyday 
YEEZY 
FACTS with my grandma MJ on my app: 
htt…
I’m obsessed with Haribo gummy bears 
Shop and support the cause! 
Just do it! You can’t live like this! 
Exactly how I’ve changed my makeup since going blonde 
When someone says they don’t have the new KKW KIMOJI… 
I want to see how u guys use Kimojis in your convos!
My 6 best tips 
New KKW faces in the KIMOJI keyboard!! Download HERE: 
It was tough rewatching having panic attach &amp; having anxiety about traveling, but I’m so proud to also show u guys that I’m ok now.
West Coast are you watching KUWTK?!?!
@BeautyisKI_92 Thank you!!!
❤️ 
Thank you ❤️ 
North: Kanye West is my dad 
😭😭😭😭.
North knows wassup 🙌🏾👏🏾😭❤️
(Via: KKWnati…
She’s so funny! 
Awww hope your day gets better! 
Hey guys! 
Me too! Just feels right! 
Alright East Coast let’s watch KUWTK together! I will prob watch half of this episode now then half with West Coast!
Happy #KUWTK Sunday! 
My friend @zoewinkler thinks it’s so weird I drink my iced tea with a straw like that 
DO NOT BUY FAKES. THE FORMULAS ARE NOT THE SAME. 
Thank you for this! 
😍 
This is amazing!!! 
I love this trick 
#TBT to me and @MakeupbyMario's inner circle on my app! Watch now: 
A classic and iconic look 
It’s exciting! 
I was watching a magic trick lol 
Creme &amp; Powder Contour &amp; Highlighter Kits available now on 
All about my nail care 
Everything I wore last month: 
New look in @KKHOfficial #KimKardashianHollywoodGame 
see the exact products we used for this glam! 
LOL 
Highlighter from the light kit 
I’d go blonde for that D...😂 
@MartellThaCool ❤️
Las Vegas needs blood donations! Please see all of the listed donation centers below 
Join the movement to end gun violence: Text ACT to 64433. 
Urge him to #Send…
Woke up to the most devastating news about Las Vegas. I’m praying for everyone in Las Vegas!
❤️ 
Same 
It’s just a quick drop, it’s like you’re falling in love 😂😂😂
Wait what we fight the most??? 
💗💗💗💗💗💗 
This amusement park was so much fun!!
😢 
Hi!!!!! 
I’m the most fun! Lol 
OMG this dinner!!!!!!!! These questions!!!!
@MWolfffff ❤️
Omg I will request this!!!! 
Really? Makes me realize how thankful I am for extensions 
This is so sweet! 
Awww he’s right there with you! 🙏🏽 
How cute are @khloekardashian &amp; @RealTristan13 ?!?!?!?!
Those braids w my short hair was not cute! Lol
Yep I’m here!!! 
Season 14 is starting!!! Tune into E! NOW
My mom was totally psychic at the end of Season 13
Less than an hour before KUWTK Season 14 premiere starts!!!
Karla!!!! 
Happy Birthday to my everything @MakeupByMario 
Season 14 starts tonight! Watch with us, 9/8c on E! #KeepItKardashian #KUWTK 